Privacy Policy
(Last Revised Nov 01, 2017)

 Wallet Application is Owned by KKSTAR.
we are committed to protecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to any Android Application that references this Privacy Policy and is provided by KKSTAR.

Please see below for important information on third party software products made available from the Mobile Application. This Privacy Policy also governs information that you provide to us or that we learn from you when you use our Mobile Application and Software (collectively “Products”). When we collect your information from our Products, we will tell you how we may collect, use, and, in some instances, share this information.All the Users of  Wallet Will be treated as Contractors.

Will be treated as Contractee.

Updated New Guidelines :( As Per Google Requirements )


1. Our  Wallet Affiliate Program That provides Incentivized Income to you is No more Supported in  Wallet.

2. We are no More Promoting Third Party Apps as Incentivized which provides user Money or Any type of Gift for installing their apps.

3. No-one is Allowed to Comment on Google Play Store With Their Referral ID or with any spammy message. If Anyone founds violating Then His Acount will be Permanently Banned From Champcash for Lifetime.

4. No-one is Allowed to Comment / Review on Any Other Application on Google Play Store With name of Champcash and its Referral ID. If anyone Found Violating then his account will be permanently Banned from  Wallet For lifetime.

5. Our Primary Focus on 100% Genuine Installs of our Apps without any incentive credit and If anyone Found providing Incentives then His account will be permanently Banned from  Wallet for Lifetime.


Beware : We Are not Taking Any type of Money from Anyone nor any hidden charges directly or indirectly. If Anyone Asks for Money to join with  Wallet then Immediately Email us. If Someone Taking amany amount to join with  Wallet then we are not responsible for that. If someone taking money to join with  Wallet then this is an Offenence.


What We Collect and Use

Cookies :
By accessing any  Wallet Application may place cookies on your hard drive. Application uses cookies to enable you to sign in to certain services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Some cookies are used only to assist you with your session on a App. App such cookies expire automatically after you terminate your session. Application also uses cookies to improve the sign-in experience on certain Mobile Application. For example, your user ID may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you terminate your session. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies can only be accessed or read by the domain that placed them. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use certain features of a  App. App that depend on cookies.
User-Provided Information:
In order to utilize the services at some Mobile Application you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information (“PII”), such as account information.

(account number, expiration date, and billing address), banking information (Swift/ABA routing number, account number, bank name and address), PayPal email, email address, IM user ID, name and company name, tax identification number, and home or work address and telephone number, as well as certain demographic information such as city, state, country and zip code. Application uses your PII to deliver the services you have requested and to communicate with you, including certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from KKSTAR. All such information is provided voluntarily by you. If you provide a friend’s email address to KKSTAR or  Wallet Application for the “refer-a-friend” feature, we use that email address only for the purpose of sending your friend the email you requested. No PII is utilized by Application for the purpose of displaying advertisements or for profiling. Application does not sell, rent or lease PII to third parties.

No Information from Minors :
You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Products.

Third Party Colection:
The Software will display to you targeted Mobile Application and/or advertisements that are hosted by third parties (“Third Party Hosted Advertisements”). These Third Party Hosted Advertisements may place cookies on your hard drive and use the cookies to tailor delivery of content to you by profiling your use of a App or advertisements that you select. These Third Party Hosted Advertisements may collect information such as your IP address, your browser type and the date and time that the targeted Third Party Hosted Advertisement was served to you.
Disclosure:
Application may disclose your information as it believes is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation, or other governmental authority, or to prevent harm to yourself or others. Application may also disclose your information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of Application's stock or assets in Application’s line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates or upon any other corporate reorganization.
Control of your Personal Information:
Application offers you choices for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. You may choose not to receive marketing materials from Application, and you may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Application by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. These communications choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Application services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service. You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information, and can either do so through the applicable App or by writing to us using our Message. We will contact you within 30 days regarding your request.

Changes and Updates :
Application reserves the right to change the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Application will post those changes on the privacy page of each App. so you can be aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Your use of the Products following the posting of any change to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy frequently to make sure that you understand how Application collects, uses, and discloses information.

Users / Contractors Agreement
(Last Revised May 01, 2015)

APP  is 100% Free and we are not taking Any Hidden charges .Here are the Following Terms for Users to use KKSTAR:
A user should be 18+ of age.
A user should install champcash and Complete the challenge to be a part of our system
Every user should enter all details while signup
This is must to Accept all the Terms and conditions while signup
EPayWallet is not responsible if any kind of damage / problem / error comes in your Mobile phone.
EPayWallet having all right to withdraw its services any time .
Its upto us whether we pay you or not.
If anyone found breaking terms and conditions the EPayWallet having all rights to immediately disable that account.
EPayWallet May / May not send Payment of Joinings.
this is the responsibility of User if they enter Wrong Bank details or Email ID or any details while Signup of Redeem.
Any Other charge of will be applicable and paid by user only.
If something went wrong then this is not our responsibility.
People Who are distributing promotional messages of EPayWallet on Internet / Physically are at their own risk. We are not Distributing any Message to Anyone.
Payout via bank or Paypal will be sended after 1 month. Eg : Earnigns of April will be transferred by 1st week of june.
If anykind of Malware/ virus comes due to installations of Apps other than EPayWallet (Which are in Challenge) then we are not responsible for that.
We May Withdraw our All services Anytime.

Disclosure to Law Enforcement:

The TOS specifically prohibits the use of our service for illegal activities. Therefore, Subscriber agrees that the Company may disclose any and all subscriber information including assigned IP numbers, account history, account use, etc. to any law enforcement agent who makes a written request without further consent or notification to the Subscriber. In addition App shall have the right to terminate all service set forth in this Agreement.

Your Agreement :

By using this App, you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this App.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter these Terms and Conditions at any time. Unless otherwise indicated, amendments will become effective immediately. Please review these Terms and Conditions periodically. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute your acceptance of the revised Terms and Conditions and the reasonableness of these standards for notice of changes. For your information, this page was last updated as of the date at the top of these Terms of Service.

Service Rates:

Subscriber acknowledges that the nature of the service furnished and the initial rates and charges have been communicated to Subscriber. Subscriber is aware that the Company may prospectively change the specified rates and charges from time to time. The promotional offer is contingent upon Company achieving and maintaining its cost of service goals including but not limited to rates charged to company by its suppliers.

Privacy:

Your privacy is very important to us. Please review our Privacy policy to understand our privacy practices.

Exclusions and Limitations:

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, our liability in such jurisdiction shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

Limitation of Liability:
You understand and agree that under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall kkstar be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, any kkstar App, materials or functions on any such App, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.

Copyright:

Company holds the copyright for all copyrighted and copyrightable materials on the App, including, without limitation, the Company trademark, logo, design, text, graphics and forms, including the selection and arrangement of such elements. In addition, the entire App is copyrighted as a collective work under the India and other copyright laws. Company holds the copyright in the materials as well as the collective work. The collective work may also include works that are the property of Company’s licensors, which are also protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.

Trademarks:

All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other proprietary designations of Company used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Company. Any other trademarks, service marks and trade names are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective parties.

General:

You specifically agree and acknowledge that you have, in addition to the terms of this agreement, reviewed the terms under the Terms and Conditions and any other agreements which may be incorporated by reference therein, and to the extent of their incorporation herein you agree to be bound by them.

 Payout related Specifications :

·         - Any Other / extra Fees which will be spended to send payout to publisher will be Paid Only by Publisher himself.
·         - KKSTAR  will not be responsible if Publisher enter incorrect Bank information / Beneficiary Information.
·         - Wire Transfer have minimum payout of Rs 1000 for india and Paypal have minimum payout of Rs 1000 for other countries.
·         - Direct Bank Transfer is Only Applicable for Indian Customers and have minimum Payout of Rs1000.
·         - Currency Conversion is Only According to Paypal Currency Convertor.


